fix(ce-code-review): keep finding numbers stable (#754)
EveryInc/compound-engineering-plugin: plugins/compound-engineering/skills/ce-code-review/SKILL.md

- **Skip all user questions.** Never pause for approval or clarification once scope has been established.
- **Apply only `safe_auto -> review-fixer` findings.** Leave `gated_auto`, `manual`, `human`, and `release` work unresolved.
- **Write a run artifact** under `/tmp/compound-engineering/ce-code-review/<run-id>/` summarizing findings, applied fixes, residual actionable work, and advisory outputs. Orchestrators read this artifact to route residual `downstream-resolver` findings; the skill itself does not file tickets or prompt the user in autofix.

> - **Emit a compact Residual Actionable Work summary in the autofix return** listing each residual `downstream-resolver` finding with its stable `#`, severity, file:line, title, and autofix_class. Keep applied `safe_auto` fixes and residual non-auto findings in separate contiguous sections, and reuse the stable finding numbers from Stage 5 rather than renumbering residuals. Include the run-artifact path. Callers read this summary directly without parsing the artifact. When no residuals exist, state `Residual actionable work: none.` explicitly.

Reviewer: **Minor: split the two unrelated rules into separate sentences.**

The new clause mixes section structure ("keep applied fixes and residuals in separate contiguous sections") with ID reuse ("reuse stable finding numbers") into one sentence. Splitting reads more cleanly:

> *"Structure the summary as two separate contiguous sections: applied `safe_auto` fixes first, then residual non-auto findings. Within the residual section, reuse each finding's stable `#` from Stage 5 -- never renumber."*

   - residual actionable queue: unresolved `gated_auto` or `manual` findings whose owner is `downstream-resolver`
   - report-only queue: `advisory` findings plus anything owned by `human` or `release`
9. **Sort.** Order by severity (P0 first) -> anchor (descending) -> file path -> line number.

> 9b. **Assign stable finding numbers once.** After sorting, assign monotonically increasing `#` values across the full primary finding set. Do not restart numbering inside each severity table or autofix/routing bucket. If later sections repeat a finding (for example Residual Actionable Work after `safe_auto` fixes are applied), reuse the same stable `#` so users can copy the non-auto-fixable work without remapping IDs.

Reviewer: **Drop the `9b.` workaround -- renumber, or fold into step 9.**

Adding `9b.` between existing steps 9 and 10 looks like a workaround to avoid renumbering `10. Collect coverage data` and `11. Preserve CE agent artifacts.` But these are private pipeline step numbers, not external references -- there's no `ce-work` analog citing them. The stability discipline `ce-plan` teaches applies to user-facing R/U IDs, not internal step numbers.

Pick one:

- **Preferred:** renumber to `10. **Assign stable finding numbers once.**` and bump the existing 10/11 to 11/12.
- **Even better:** fold into existing step 9. Sorting and ID assignment are conceptually one operation -- the stable `#` *is* the post-sort position. Rewrite step 9 as:

  > `9. **Sort and number.** Order by severity (P0 first) -> anchor (descending) -> file path -> line number, then assign monotonically increasing # values across the full primary finding set in that sorted order.`

The folded version is clearer because it makes the dependency explicit: numbering follows from the sort key, so they belong together.

> 9b. **Assign stable finding numbers once.** After sorting, assign monotonically increasing `#` values across the full primary finding set. Do not restart numbering inside each severity table or autofix/routing bucket. If later sections repeat a finding (for example Residual Actionable Work after `safe_auto` fixes are applied), reuse the same stable `#` so users can copy the non-auto-fixable work without remapping IDs.

Reviewer: **Name the failure mode in prose.**

Current text ends with *"so users can copy the non-auto-fixable work without remapping IDs."* That's generic. Compare to `ce-plan`'s analogous rule (`plugins/compound-engineering/skills/ce-plan/SKILL.md:401` and the deepening-vector callout in `references/deepening-workflow.md:230,244`), which names a specific consumer ("breaks `ce-work` blocker and verification references"). Suggested replacement:

```suggestion
9b. **Assign stable finding numbers once.** After sorting, assign monotonically increasing `#` values across the full primary finding set. Do not restart numbering inside each severity table or autofix/routing bucket. If later sections repeat a finding (for example Residual Actionable Work after `safe_auto` fixes are applied), reuse the same stable `#` so users -- and downstream skills like `ce-resolve-pr-feedback` -- can reference findings by `#` after the autofix loop rewrites the report. Renumbering after autofix invalidates any prior reference: copied snippets, follow-up prompts citing `#3`, or tickets filed against an earlier render.
```

Naming the concrete failure mode lets the next reader judge edge cases the rule didn't anticipate.

Assemble the final report using **pipe-delimited markdown tables for findings** from the review output template included below. The table format is mandatory for finding rows in interactive mode — do not render findings as freeform text blocks or horizontal-rule-separated prose. Other report sections (Applied Fixes, Learnings, Coverage, etc.) use bullet lists and the `---` separator before the verdict, as shown in the template.

1. **Header.** Scope, intent, mode, reviewer team with per-conditional justifications.

> 2. **Findings.** Rendered as pipe-delimited tables grouped by severity (`### P0 -- Critical`, `### P1 -- High`, `### P2 -- Moderate`, `### P3 -- Low`). Each finding row shows `#`, file, issue, reviewer(s), confidence, and synthesized route. Omit empty severity levels. Never render findings as freeform text blocks or numbered lists. Finding numbers must come from Stage 5's stable numbering and continue sequentially across severity sections; never restart at `1` for a new severity header.

Reviewer: **Collapse the duplicated rule -- point back to Stage 5 instead of restating.**

This sentence restates the rule already established in step 9b: *"Finding numbers must come from Stage 5's stable numbering and continue sequentially across severity sections; never restart at `1` for a new severity header."*

`ce-plan` keeps its stability rule in **one** canonical paragraph (`SKILL.md:401`) and references it from elsewhere -- so future edits have one home, not three (autofix bullet at L70, Stage 5 step, this Stage 6 rendering bullet). Suggested replacement:

```suggestion
2. **Findings.** Rendered as pipe-delimited tables grouped by severity (`### P0 -- Critical`, `### P1 -- High`, `### P2 -- Moderate`, `### P3 -- Low`). Each finding row shows `#`, file, issue, reviewer(s), confidence, and synthesized route. Omit empty severity levels. Never render findings as freeform text blocks or numbered lists. Finding numbers come from the stable assignment in Stage 5 -- never re-derive them per severity table.
```
